backup: adjust concurrency description after v8.2 (#20963)
pingcap/docs: br/use-br-command-line-tool.md

* `--cert`: specifies the path to the SSL certificate in the PEM format.
* `--key`: specifies the path to the SSL certificate key in the PEM format.
* `--status-addr`: specifies the listening address through which `br` provides statistics to Prometheus.

> * `--concurrency`: Controls how backup tasks are split into multiple requests and sent concurrently to the same TiKV node. This parameter primarily affects the granularity of request splitting from BR to TiKV, and no longer directly determines overall backup throughput.  In most cases, it is unnecessary to change this value.  To improve backup performance, it is recommended to tune [`backup.num-threads`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#num-threads-1) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--concurrency`: controls how backup tasks are split into multiple requests and sent concurrently to the same TiKV node. This parameter primarily affects the granularity of request splitting from BR to TiKV, and no longer directly determines overall backup throughput.  In most cases, it is not necessary to change this value. To improve backup performance, it is recommended to tune [`tikv.backup.num-threads`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#num-threads-1) instead.
```
